number 18 is back this bear is a
particularly artful dodger
unlike the smash-and-grab merchants
number 18 has learnt to get into cars by
flipping open the back window
it's simple relatively quiet and very
clever his radio collar and tags allow
Rangers to keep track of his movements
and decide when to take action
tonight's break-in will be added to his
record one more offense and he'll be
removed from the park number 18 s
approach maybe windscreen friendly but
he'll still trash the interior but don't
feel too sorry for the owners of this
truck if they're bothered to remove
their food this bear wouldn't have been
tempted to break in ultimately it's the
Bears that pay the price for people's
laziness
in the early hours number 18 is caught
breaking into another car he's
tranquilized and his eyes are protected
from the dust and lights now he begins a
long and stressful journey out of the
park the fate of all regular lawbreakers
the final destination is over a hundred
miles away after five hours on the road
number 18 will be severely traumatized
and bad-tempered the Rangers must let
him go as quickly and carefully as
possible bears never forget a reliable
food source but if number 18 does return
to Yosemite he's now so dangerous that
the Rangers will be forced to shoot him